Provide some advice for _when_ and _how_ to use configuration without breaking initialization (#42322)
rails/rails: guides/source/configuring.md

Rails will use that particular setting to configure Active Record.

WARNING: Use the public configuration methods over calling directly to the associated class. e.g. `config.application.action_mailer.options` instead of `ActionMailer::Base.options`.

> NOTE: If you need to apply configuration directly to a class, use a [lazy load hook](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/LazyLoadHooks.html) in an initializer in order to avoid auto-loading the class before initialization has completed. This will break.

Reviewer: This is a nit-pick, so feel free to ignore, but how do you feel about changing the last sentence to something like this:

```suggestion
NOTE: If you need to apply configuration directly to a class, use a [lazy load hook](https://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveSupport/LazyLoadHooks.html) in an initializer to avoid auto-loading the class before initialization has completed. This will break because autoloading during initialization cannot be safely repeated when the app reloads.
```
